[DOC-540] Update document  for window [master] (#534)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/cep/query-guide/query.md

> **Syntax**

Reviewer: Avoid using bold text in place of headings. In all cases, change the bold text pretending to be headings to actual headings.

> Window should be defined by using the `window <window-name>` next to the input stream as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the window by using the `window <window-name>` next to the input stream as shown below.
```

```
insert <ouput event type>? into <output stream>
select <attribute name>, <attribute name>, ...
from <input stream> window <window name>(<parameter>, <parameter>, ... );
```

:::note

> Filter conditions can be applied both before and/or after the window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter conditions can be applied both before and after the window.
```

| [timeLength](functions/core/timelength-window.md)               | Retains events based on time and number of events in a sliding manner. |
| [session](functions/core/session-window.md)                     | Retains events for each session based on session key. |
| [batch](functions/core/batch.md)                                | Retains events of last arrived event chunk. |
| [sort](functions/core/sort-window.md)                           | Retains top-k or bottom-k events based on a parameter value. |
| [cron](functions/core/cron-window.md)                           | Retains events based on cron time in a tumbling/batch manner. |
| [externalTime](functions/core/externalTime-window.md)           | Retains events based on event time value passed as a parameter in a sliding manner.|
| [externalTimeBatch](functions/core/externaltimebatch-window.md) | Retains events based on event time value passed as a parameter in a a tumbling/batch manner.|
| [delay](functions/core/delay-window.md)                         | Retains events and delays the output by the given time period in a sliding manner.|

**Example 1**

> Query to find out the maximum temperature out of the **last 10 events**, using the window of `length` 10 and `max()` aggregation function, from the `TempStream` stream and insert the results into the `MaxTempStream` stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query to find out the maximum temperature out of the last 10 events, using the window of `length` 10 and `max()` aggregation function, from the `TempStream` stream and insert the results into the `MaxTempStream` stream.
```

Reviewer: In general, we do not use bold to emphasize text. It is mostly for indicating something in the UI that should be clicked.

```
insert into MaxTempStream
select max(temp) as maxTemp
from TempStream window tumbling_length(10);
```

> Here, the window operates in a batch/tumbling manner where the following 3 event subsets are calculated and outputted when a list of 30 events are received in a sequential order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the window operates in a batch/tumbling manner where the following three event subsets are calculated and outputted when a list of 30 events are received in a sequential order.
```

```
insert into MaxTempStream
select max(temp) as maxTemp
from TempStream window sliding_time(10 min);
```

> Here, the `time` window operates in a sliding manner with millisecond accuracy, where it will process events in the following 3 time durations and output aggregated events when a list of events are received in a sequential order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the `time` window operates in a sliding manner with millisecond accuracy, where it will process events in the following three time durations and output aggregated events when a list of events are received in a sequential order.
```

```
insert into MaxTempStream
select max(temp) as maxTemp
from TempStream window tumbling_time(10 min);
```

> Here, the window operates in a batch/tumbling manner where the window will process evetns in the following 3 time durations and output aggregated events when a list of events are received in a sequential order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the window operates in a batch/tumbling manner where the window will process events in the following three time durations and output aggregated events when a list of events are received in a sequential order.
```

```

:::note

> This is just to illustrate how expired events work, it is recommended to use [delay](functions/core/delay-window.md) window for usecases where we need to delay events by a given time period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is just to illustrate how expired events work. Use the [delay](functions/core/delay-window.md) window for use cases where we need to delay events by a given time period.
```

Reviewer: Avoid passive constructions such as "it is recommended." Try to change the language to direct, active statements.

```
insert into <output stream>
select <aggregate function>(<parameter>, <parameter>, ... ) as <attribute name>, <attribute2 name>, ...
from <input stream> window <window name>(<parameter>, <parameter>, ... );
```

> Here `<aggregate function>` uniquely identifies the aggregate function. The `<parameter>` defined input parameters the aggregate function can accept. The input parameters can be attributes, constant values, results of other functions or aggregate functions, results of mathematical or logical expressions, or time values. The number and type of parameters an aggregate function accepts depend on the function itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here `<aggregate function>` uniquely identifies the aggregate function. The `<parameter>` defines input parameters the aggregate function can accept. The input parameters can be attributes, constant values, results of other functions or aggregate functions, results of mathematical or logical expressions, or time values. The number and type of parameters an aggregate function accepts depend on the function itself.
```

Reviewer: If you have more than three options in a list, such as in the third sentence, then it should probably be an unordered (bulleted) list. Change the format to be a list, do not forget to remove punctuation.
